# sdm
Software Development Manager, a game for learning Software Engineering.

The SDM (Software Development Manager) is an educational game based on Software Engineering which aims for teaching concepts and practices of people management, including capacitating, work load and each employee’s role in the project by simulating a development working environment for a project. This study was developed since an undergraduate discipline from UFF and still is under development during my master’s degree.
Software Development Manager is a novel simulation game developed in Unity3D game engine. In this game the player owns a software development company that counts with the help of a team, which is administered by the player, to develop products desired by customers. The purpose of this game is to assist in learning the knowledge of Software Engineering in a way that takes advantage of the benefits of fun and entertainment.
Since SDM focus is people management, the main element of the game are employees, which represent the player’s labor force. Since employees take a very important role, several existing features where expanded or added. These features include changes in possible roles that an employee can perform and the attributes used to calculate the employee’s performance. Another element added is specialization, used to define the employee working competence.  With the specialization system, it is possible for employees to undergo training to learn new skills. Also the concepts of working hours, morale, and stamina are used to modify the employee’s productivity.

More info can be found at gems.ic.uff.br/sdm/
